not
we're back
today my new aquarium just arrived
I had commented with you an aquarium
of 420 liters
so come on
in relation to the aquarium
it has already been delivered and with glasses of 10
mm glue with black silicone one
little prettier more presentable
he has a central boot like you
can observe both the uptake and the
return of water is done in the same boot
You can see that it's difficult for you.
The biggest there is one is a front of a
the water is drawn to
samp and return is done by that
half inch channel
The deal has already been handed to me painted.
puzzled painted and with a background of
boot also painted black né
you can watch and it was delivered with
this return water pipe is
stopping here upon t
It was me who put it then
I put a t
he stands, the agreement came to a halt
above and below how you can
Watch and lock it up it's stuck
huh
I was stuck put on t and
continue with the half-inch card
from the right side and also to the
left at the end of the corner right
There is also the latch stuck
so we just manage to paste and
No problem
the half-inch barrel that I have just
making furious
beneath beneath the latch can made
observe
then know this is the aquarium and this
is the mobile aquarium plus a mobile
asking the color tobacco there to combine with
the instant van with which I already had
a slightly smaller rope is and the cover and
I'll put on a light after that.
there is a led, right?
inside cover and the inside
mobile phone is coated as car is due
to the humidity involved in the
here below we have the samp that I am
then finishing the hydraulic system
his
I put then come the saints know of a
just over 80 liters there is the
bomb that I had commented with
I went up a left room for
put in front of or behind the saint
so I had to put my son
in a filter see suspended then there is the
filter see what I showed earlier
is suspended
is now only missing 11 t
for me to put down, right?
and here I end my call then
This piece was missing and tomorrow
completes hydraulic installation of the
aquarium né
from there we'll ride to and put
then everything else I have not decided exactly
what are the items that will compose the
internally my aquarium
I do not know if I'm going to plant as many
plants what are the plants
Finally, during this week and we will
decide and show it to you
the mobile would originally come with three
doors the way it came alone is the
samp compartment it was inter this
in the property
I already asked him to change if
make a change put a
lateral
isolating a third part so that I
can not wait until the material is
food or the accessories there coal at last
all I needed to not get the
moisture allied compartment that
samp be positioned
all right so people this aquarium
with mobile samp and lid
this set I ended up paying 2 thousand
real
Okay, so I would like to have
watched the video like the one I
I'm doing it right now for you, that's right.
because at least serve as comparative
Then for those who want to build an aquarium.
slightly larger right and know you are
spending very little, right?
I started my market research
free and I have been refining refining looking
the Chinese American websites seeing
video out of friends there on youtube
also yes
did not think it was expensive's already seen people
paying there
incredible 34 times more than
I paid or there are people who are
paying 6 thousand reais to build one
set to be out here still and media
and materials there and
complementary
It's okay, so I'm going to leave you with
You there playing nothing with it but
I'll leave you with the contact there at the store.
I made the contact and got lots of
experience in aquarium assembly
her name is ossian glass is a store
located in são bernardo do campo here in
São Paulo State of São Paulo
I'm from the capital but from São Bernardo
This way to interlagos is fast, right?
staff in one hour less than one hour
arrived home to deliver them
deliver in the vicinity until taubaté is not
so good do not restrict the iaa customers
He's so close to Bernardo then.
for who's there at the outskirt exit
state of são paulo I think it's worth it
At least with tatai, talk to the
Guys right there, then another step.
of the aquarium assembly during the week
we will have more news
hug